Add code of conduct and contribution guideline (#150)
umccr/RNAsum: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to RNAsum

This outlines how to propose a change to RNAsum.

> For a detailed discussion on contributing to this and other tidyverse packages, please see the [development contributing guide](https://rstd.io/tidy-contrib) and our [code review principles](https://code-review.tidyverse.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed discussion on contributing to this and other packages, please see the [development contributing guide](https://rstd.io/tidy-contrib) and [code review principles](https://code-review.tidyverse.org/) from the tidyverse team.
```

## Fixing typos

You can fix typos, spelling mistakes, or grammatical errors in the documentation directly using the GitHub web interface, as long as the changes are made in the _source_ file. 
This generally means you'll need to edit [roxygen2 comments](https://roxygen2.r-lib.org/articles/roxygen2.html) in an `.R`, not a `.Rd` file. 
You can find the `.R` file that generates the `.Rd` by reading the comment in the first line.

## Bigger changes

If you want to make a bigger change, it's a good idea to first file an issue and make sure someone from the team agrees that it’s needed. 
If you’ve found a bug, please file an issue that illustrates the bug with a minimal 
[reprex](https://www.tidyverse.org/help/#reprex) (this will also help you write a unit test, if needed).

> See our guide on [how to create a great issue](https://code-review.tidyverse.org/issues/) for more advice.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the tidyverse guide on [how to create a great issue](https://code-review.tidyverse.org/issues/) for more advice.
```
